The whole problem is the way that we are doing this, it OK for us as an academic
exercise, so its easy to understand that we are locking at execution, but in the
real world, you probably shouldnt use a While Loops!

While Loops are processor instructions, meaning that once we compile our program,
the little wire While Loop will become part of our executable and the operating
systems whenever its executing that task, it doesnt know if it should deligate the
attention of the processor toward her tasks or what it should do.

So it basically going to consume 100 percent of the CPU, of that CPU core for our 
task. So our process, the little executable that we are running on the operating
system, is probably going to burn a lot of the processor, and that is not what we 
want, I dont want to have my process wasting resources One Hundred percent of the 
CPU, you getting 100 percent of the attention of the processor to just kind of be 
locked there doing nothing, there is nothing being done inside our While Loop.

So that is usually not how we are going to operate and program things for real 
world applications. Your Process needs to share the CPU and share memory with
order X, If you have Microsoft Word will and if you have your Web Browser open,
these things need to kind of get attention from the CPU.

The suggestion is instead of using a while loop and I know a while loop is very
very easy to reason about and think about locking the instructions there, the 
recommendation is call a Delay Function. How smart is the SDL function compared
to a While Loop, the thing is a proper Delay Function it relies on the operating
systems capability of using the execution to other processes, so we are not just 
locking things frictions inside a While Loop. 

The people that implemented SDL Delay they are using the operating system instructions 
to go and say operating system go and give attention to other processes, I'm done with 
this processes for these amount of milliseconds and you can go and you can give attetion to something else and when reach those milliseconds, then we get back the attention, 
then we can perfom the update, render and attack functions.

So a proper Delay Function is Operating System specific, right. The Operating System
the way it schedules the processes, the way that it manages the tasks, thats how a 
Delay System should really work, it should rely on the Operating System ability of
going in, given the attention of the CPU to order processes of our Operating System. 

---  SUMMARY  ---

Instead of using a While Loop I would encourage us to something like an SDL Delay
just passing how many milliseconds we want to sleep, but we know right now that this
Sleep means stop execution so fthis process and give you the process attention of 
the CPU to order process of the Operating System  	  
